hi this is patrick eaves today we're
going to talk about how to stand on your
inline skates now if you have some place
where you can sit down in a chair for
example and put your skates on that's
really best because it's going to be
easier to get up and stand on your
skates while you hold on to the chair
but let's say for example you came out
here to the park and you put your skates
on sitting down and now it's time to
stand up my first piece of advice would
be put your skates on in a grassy area
if there's one available for one it's
going to be more comfortable to sit down
and get your skates on make sure they're
nice and tight as that's really
important once you get them on I find
the easiest way to get up is to first go
to your knees then one skate at a time
put your skate under you put your weight
over that skate using your hands to
bring on the grass stand up on your
other skate and slowly get up you want
to make sure when you're getting up that
you keep your knees bent you never stand
just straight up because if there is a
hard surface that your skates are going
to slip out from under you and you're
going to fall so the nice thing about
grass is your skates aren't really going
to roll too much so it's going to be
easy for you to get up and stand on your
skates once you're up you just take your
baby steps that you've probably
practiced before and baby step out to
your skating surface surface now if you
were in some place where you were not
able to sit in a grassy area and you put
your skates on just sitting down on the
ground I recommend doing it next to a
wall or a fence or something you can
hold on to as you get up as you're
beginning once you get used to inline
skates you're going to be able to put
them on anywhere and jump up and go so
to stand on your skates again you're
going to go to your knees first you're
going to brace yourself against the wall
and one leg at a time you're going to
put the skate underneath you go ahead
and put the weight on that skate you can
push off on this knee and here's the
part where it gets a little tricky so
make sure you're holding on to the wall
because this skate is going to want to
start to roll as you stand up on your
other skate
and then with the other hand go ahead
and bring your other leg up under you
remember to keep your knees bent in case
you start rolling right away get
straight into that ready position
remember when you're standing on your
inline skates if you stand up straight
you're going to lose your balance if you
lean too far back the skates are going
to want to roll out from under you and
if you lean too far forward they're
going to either want to roll out from
behind you or you're going to start
rolling backwards so try to keep your
weight straight over the skates at all
times